What about you? I came to see my future guardian,
I didn’t expect it to drop like this.
From the past until now, that broken man has come to accept you,
If you don’t want you, we’ll change the price and ask for a thousand more,
Remember to talk, a thick treasure with several layers,
Even if you have the ability to change the price, don’t be evil.
Do you know what I changed the price for?
Ah? The daily output is tens of billions,
We are the most tired today, so we became real,
Eight-digit Quaker,
In two days we will also be today,
Your listed assets are worth hundreds of billions compared to his.
It's you and Tan Gu who are having an affair
Start being your little baby
Is it true that you are also making money with me outside the family home?
I can't. Grab 500 grams of Shili Xianghan.
Sister, do you know any of them here?
I'm begging for food
If you want food, go to this road.
Maybe
Why are you cooking too?
give me what
I said that and I took him away.
If he goes to beg for food
No one gave him money
Here is five million
Another fight today